Add information on how to install wanda directly for development (#178)
trento-project/wanda: README.md

Swagger UI is available at [trento-project.io/wanda/swaggerui](https://trento-project.io/wanda/swaggerui).

# Developing Checks

Wanda architecture aims to simplify [testing Checks Executions](#testing-executions) and [adding new ones](#adding-new-checks).

## Infrastructure

> For checks development purposes, a [docker-compose file](https://github.com/trento-project/wanda/blob/main/docker-compose.yaml) is provided.

Reviewer: I think it was good before without the "checks" word in here. While docker-compose.yaml file gives us a basic environment to work on wanda itself, the `docker-compose.checks.yaml` give us additionally wanda running in container too, ideal for the development of checks

In order to get detailed information for an execution, see [Getting Execution details](#getting-execution-details).

> > Please note that execution is _eventually started_, meaning that a successful response the previous API call does not guarantee that the execution is running, but that it has been accepted by the system to start.

Reviewer: I also wouldn't remove the `to` from here. Maybe I'd further clarify and substitute "...a successful response to the previous API call..." with something that specifically mentions the checks execution request call.

- locate the newly created Check in the Catalog directory `./priv/catalog/`
- test the execution as [previously described](#testing-executions)

# Installing a development environment

> To set up a local development environment for hacking on Wanda, you need to follow the instructions provided in [hack on wanda](./guides/development/hack_on_wanda.md).

Reviewer 2: Let's use absolute links so we do not have issues when the doc is rendered at https://www.trento-project.io/wanda/

Author: Yeah you are right, i was focused on the github repo , good catch!

Reviewer 2: Looking at it better, maybe a relative link here is good, so we'll be redirected to the relevant doc page since we have registered it in `mix.exs`

> To set up a local development environment for hacking on Wanda, you need to follow the instructions provided in the [hack on wanda](./guides/development/hack_on_wanda.md).

Author: yeah!

> To set up a local development environment for hacking on Wanda, you will need to follow the instructions provided in the [hack on wanda](./guides/development/hack_on_wanda.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up a local development environment for hacking on Wanda, follow the instructions provided in [hack on wanda](./guides/development/hack_on_wanda.md).
```

> This guide will walk you through the process of installing and configuring the necessary dependencies, as well as setting up a local development environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through the process of installing and configuring the necessary dependencies, as well as setting up a local development environment.
```

# Support

> Please only report bugs via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/trento-project/web/issues);

Author: Oops thanks!
